Now, a new team from all over the country and a crowd gathering here
I will be greeting you and all those who support you.
I would appreciate your kind encouragement with warm encouragement.
It's the first time I'm participating.
Hangul Gun Daegu Kyungpook National University Table Mixed Quartet Global Amount
Next time, I will introduce the participation number 2 Kimchi Eun Yang .
Hi, I point and say this is being Chungnam Branch representatives attending Hannam Kim, Ji - Hyun
I will work hard next time
Miss Emma to introduce our cheonsugyeong amount
Hello Participation Number 3 Hanyang University Year 3
I will introduce you to the 4th Kyungnam representative pioneer
Hello , I am a pioneer in the game Jinju Gyeongsang University,
I will try hard and I join followed by the number Burnside words
Let me introduce the seven elephant liquids.
Hello, I can not keep the representative of Seoul and I will try hard.
The next one is Brotherhood .
Hi, I'm free to go back to the sixth spine.
I'm Choi Sung Hoon from the Department of Theater and Film, Kyungsung University .
My brother's Yoon Suk.
I 'll review your toy.
Participation numbers will then introduce an amount seven times yisomin
Hi, I'm Lee Sun-min,
I 'll introduce you to the sound of eight times.
Hello participation number 8 views Chungbuk National University Chungbuk a blue stand
Happy New Year and Happy New Year
Next, we start to swim the Pacific Ocean in part of the United States .
Let me introduce the la team.
tour
Kim, Joon-joon is a strong female student number 10 number Lee Younghee Yang
I am introducing
Hello, I am a student of Kangwon University and the student who is in attendance.
People gyesyeoseo so I had to meet the following numbers dwaeseo indeed 0 won 51 times
Introduction of the girl of the composition girl Joo Byung-sun of the singer
Hello, this is true God and bags jubyeongseon attending medical school of Seoul revenues represent axis
I would like to introduce a number 12 of 123
1 Think of 15 madness 1 2 3
It is a pleasant Christmas . Next is the CEO of 131002
I will introduce you to Kim Woochul School.
Oh, it's been 13 times now, Chonbuk Univ.
Good night.
Next, I will introduce you to Seoul Metropolitan Incheon International Airport
Hi representative of Seoul Hanyang University jinggeom Bridge 7
Here are 15 Kim, Sung - Chul geuraeseoya Jeju representative jobs
Hello Participation ticket 55 minutes Jeju representative Kim Jeong-cheol
Next,
Seoul representative group We introduced sound relation
Hi Seoul participated 56 times Seoul National University Yonsei University Sogang University
It is the armor glasses.
I am very glad to be here. Thank you very much.
So all four are 16 teams today, 88m protagonist of similar evils Festival
I will be doing a heated contest after a while.
Once again, thank you for your participation in this event.